1.0 User Signup Process

1.1 To custom build a library class to handle User Registration and
Validation process to enable future support of API Engine for User
Validation.

1.2 To register, the user will provide the following
i. Product Secret Code: * - Required.
ii. Name: * - Required
iii. Username: * - Required. Minimum 6 alphanumeric characters validated
against database as unique user via AJAX.
iv. Password: * - Required. Minimum 6 alphanumeric characters with AJAX
password strength indicator.
v. Confirm Password: * - Required, validate matching password.
vi. Email Address: * - Required. Validate against unique email in
database via AJAX
vii. Captcha: * - Required. Integrated with Re-captcha Tool.
viii. Agree to Terms & Conditions.

1.3 Product Secret Code Validation
i. 1st level code validation on code algorithm via AJAX.
ii. 2nd level validation if the code is registered by decoding the batch
code and match the encrypted code in database.
iii. Old secret codes to be converted to new format secret code and
assigned designated Product Code.

1.4 If the Product Secret code is valid and not registered,
i. The screen will show the message “Congratulations! You have purchased
a genuine Rainbow Loom product.”
ii. The user is auto login.”

1.5 If the code is invalid,
i. The screen will show the message “Sorry, the code is invalid. No
matching secret code found in Rainbow Loom system. Please try again.”

1.6 If the code has been used,
i. The screen will show the message “Sorry, the code is already
registered in Rainbow Loom system. Please login to the system.”

1.7 If User forgot Username, show a page with 2 options.
i. put in the email address (option 1)
ii. Secret code (option 2).
iii. Upon submitting, the user name will display.

1.8 If forgot Password, show a page with 2 options.
i. The user can either put in the email address (option 1)
ii. Secret code (option 2).
iii. If chosen email address (option 1), the user will receive a link
(URL) with via email. Clicking on the link, will open up the default
browser and auto login to the account and update the password. The link
is time sensitive and expired in 8 hours time.
iv. If chosen secret code (option 2), upon matching, the user will auto
login and update the password. The link is time sensitive and expired in
8 hours time.

1.9 Additional note.
i. One unique secret code can only associate with one user account.
ii. There is only one real time login per user. For example, if the user
login on 2 computers or 2 different browsers, only the latest login will
remain connected. One will be auto logout.
iii. Request a Captcha on the registration page by RL.


2.0 Admin Functions

2.1 Admin to login from authorised IP with AdminID and Password to
manage admin functions.

2.2 User Management
i. Search User by
• UserID
• Email Address
• Secret Code
ii. Edit User Profile
• Name
• Email Address
iii. Mass Mail User

3.0 Infrastructure Setup

3.1    Database setup as transactional database with stored procedures and queue management to manage the load and capacity.

3.2 Index Engine to index each batch of codes to speed up code matching.

3.3 To restrict the maximum concurrent database query to 8,000 connections.

3.4 Advance Server Monitor Tool to notify designated email address on
server services down or overload.

3.5 Automated code database backup
i. Instantly to mirror secondary drive
ii. Hourly to external backup server
iii. Daily to 3rd party server
iv. Backup are stored for 30 days before exported for safekeeping.
